121 req add guidance for installing packages hosted on GitHub in new versions of rstudio desktop (#122)
Public-Health-Scotland/technical-docs: R/How to install packages hosted on GitHub with RStudio Desktop.md

> # How to install packages hosted on GitHub in RStudio Desktop

Reviewer: Make clear that this is a 'workaround' and not expected to be permanent.

#### 1. Find the repository on GitHub
In your web browser, navigate to the GitHub repository for the package you wish to install. Ensure that you are on the 'main' or 'master' branch for the most current version of the repository. The repository should look like the example below, although the names of folders may vary:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/477c7bc5-ae7d-499d-bba1-8d3916deb28f)

No releases have been published for the {RDCOMClient} package used as an example here, so the 'master' branch will be used. However, if releases have been published for the package you wish to install, select the desired release under 'Tags' in the 'Switch branches/tags' dropdown menu:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ea5217ed-ef04-469c-a1a4-df7747ed6841)

#### 2. Download a zipped copy
Click on the green 'Code' button and select 'Download ZIP' as shown below:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/acf08cf0-c3fd-47b1-a429-9fe13072f481)

> #### 3. Extract all files
> Open your local 'Downloads' folder in Windows Explorer. Right-click on the zipped folder and select 'Extract All' from the menu, then 'Extract' on the subsequent popout window. This will unzip the folder into 'Downloads'.
> 
> #### 4. Install the package in RStudio Desktop
> Open RStudio Desktop and run the following code, replacing 'ldap_username' with your own LDAP username and 'folder_name' (2x) with the name of the unzipped folder in Downloads:

Reviewer: I'm not 100% sure if this applies to `{devtools}` (but I suspect it does), and if following my suggestion on using `{remotes}`, then there is no need to unzip the folder as  `install_local()` can take the zip file directly and deal with it from there.

```suggestion
#### 3. Install the package in RStudio Desktop
Open RStudio Desktop and run the following code, replacing `<USERNAME>` with your own LDAP username and `<package>` with the name of the zipped file in Downloads:
```

> ```devtools::install("C:/Users/ldap_username/Downloads/folder_name/folder_name")```

Reviewer: `{remotes}` is a better option than `{devtools}` as it's much more lightweight (no dependencies) and doesn't require completion (no requirement for RTools).

```suggestion
```remotes::install_local("C:/Users/<USERNAME>/Downloads/<package>-main.zip")```
```

> The package will then be installed to the R library, and a message in the console will confirm this. The zipped and unzipped folders in 'Downloads' can then be deleted. To update or reinstall the package at any point in the future, these steps will need to be repeated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package will then be installed in the R library, and a message in the console will confirm this. The files in 'Downloads' can then be deleted. To update or reinstall the package at any point in the future, these steps will need to be repeated.
```
